Did you attempt to make your computer player very smart -- i.e., do something more clever than just pick a random legal move?
If so, were you able to accomplish this? Is your computer player as smart as you would like?
Yes.

How did you determine which piece to play next? Tell us about your “pick next move” algorithm
Computer will take a defensive move(block the player) or offensive move(try to win),
or random move. The very first choice of the move is to win the game.
DEFENSIVE MOVE: If player have consecutive stones on the board, computer will block it.
It is realized by predicting the next move of player. The next move could be any other place that
is not taken on the board. Computer will find the coordinate that if player put stone on, there
will show up the longest consecutive stones. So computer will put its stone the coordinate so that
player cannot build long consecutive stones.
OFFENSIVE MOVE: Computer will always put its stone on the coordinate that can make it win.
Than ,try to make its own longest consecutive stones.
RANDOM MOVE: If there is no chance for defensive move or offensive move. Computer move randomly.


How often did your computer program beat you, or your friends, or whoever tested it out for you?
About 35% of the games, the computer could win.

How easy would it be to make the difficulty level adjustable?
To make it easier, we can change the type of inter_ls of board.py from set to list.
That is, computer will always check from the very top of the board and prioritize the stone on upper
side or left side of player's stones. So the right side and lower side of the player stones will not be blocked.
To make it even easier. That is, after doing the abov, in the game_controller.py check_longest() function, change the type of 
{(1, 0), (0, 1), (1, 1), (1, -1)} to list. So that checking horizontally will be prioritized. So building 
consecutive stones diagonally will have more chance to win.

How would you improve it in the future?
Computer predicts one move ahead. To make it more clever. we can make computer make 2 or 3 steps
ahead. And when making defensive or offensive move, if the consecutive stones approach the boundary
of the board and there is no chance to win, computer will choose other place.